# Summary of Insights
The three highest contributing segments to the total sales are:

Older families - Budget
Young singles/couples - Mainstream
Retirees - Mainstream
The largest population group is mainstream young singles/couples, followed by mainstream retirees which explains their large total sales. While population is not a driving factor for budget older families, older families and young families in general buy more chips per customer. Furthermore, mainstream young singles/couples have the highest spend per purchase, which is statistically significant compared to the non-mainstream young singles/couples. Taking a further look at the mainstream yong singles/couples segment, we have found that they are 28% more likely to purchase Tyrells chips than the other segments. This segment does purchase the most Kettles chips, which is also consistent with most other segments. However, they are 50% less likely to purchase Burger Rings, which was also evident in the preferences for packet sizes given they are the only chips that come in 220g sizes. Mainstream young singles/couples are 32% more likely to purchase 270g chips, which is the size that Twisties come in, compare to the other segments. The packet size purchased most over many segments is 175g.

Perhaps we can use the fact that Tyrells and (the packet size of) Twisties chips are more likely to be purchased by mainstream young singles/couples and place these products where they are more likely to be seen by this segment. Furthermore, given that Kettles chips are still the most popular, if the primary target segment are mainstream young singles/couples, Tyrells and Twisties could be placed closer to the Kettles chips. This strategy, with the brands they are more likely to purchase, could also be applied to other segments that purchase the most of Kettles to increase their total sales.
